Home  What We Think  What patients like and dislike about telemedicine?



BlackcofferWhat We ThinkFuturePrediction What patients like and dislike about telemedicine?

By Ajay Bidyarthy -   January 13, 2021 14441 














In today’s world, telemedicine technology is one of those technologies which has brought about a change. Compared to the early days there have been remarkable differences in the methods of consultation with a doctor. In the years that have passed by, consultation for a disease with a doctor was quite hectic. It involved waiting, traveling, etc. But with the advent of telemedicine opportunities, this has completely changed.
It is a rural area that has been completely blessed with the invention of telemedicine. Today a considerable amount of people are able to consult doctors remotely. Not just doctors, but specialists in various fields of medicine. This has been of great importance as far as rural people are concerned. There are a lot of telemedicine tools that have been found. There are a lot of areas like ophthalmology, oncology, dermatology, etc where the facility of telemedicine has been practiced.
Most of the patients are truly benefitting from telemedicine. Patients are pretty satisfied with the consultation they are getting. They don’t have to travel now. They can consult doctors and other specialists from remote areas. The cost of consultation has become pretty much affordable. Moreover, they get exposed to highly efficient and qualified experts in the field of medicine.
On the other hand, there can be patients who do not fully get satisfied through a virtual consultation. Rather they might feel that they need to have a direct talk with the doctor, which can boost up their confidence and also it helps to maintain a better relationship with the doctor and patient. The patients feel trust when they talk to doctors face to face. Moreover, doctors also might be able to console their patients when they have direct interaction with their patients. There could also be patients who doubt if these virtual methodologies are really trusted worthy or not. It is so because, while the patients have direct contact with their patients, the qualifications are visible to the patients. So there shall be no question of distrust.
There are major challenges like better connectivity of the internet, without which the patients will not be able to have continuous interaction with the doctors. Technical glitches may hinder the consultation too. Moreover, emergency situations cannot be addressed beyond a limit through telemedicine.
Blackcoffer Insights 23: Miriam sam, Scms school of technology and management.



TAGS# patients# specialist# telemedicine technology# telemedicine tools#consultation#doctors#virtual 
Previous articleHow we forecast future technologies?Next articleImpact of AI in health and medicine Ajay Bidyarthy  
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Rise of cybercrime and its effect by the year 2040. 

 



 

Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. 

 



 

Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future 

  

 




MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS




IoT, AI, ML to Detect Fire and Smoke 
June 17, 2020 


 




Sentimental Analysis on Shareholder Letter of Companies 
August 22, 2021 


 




How will COVID-19 affect the world of work? 
April 29, 2020 


 




How Coronavirus Impact on the Hospitality Industry 
April 30, 2020 


 Load more RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS



 
Rise of cybercrime and its effect by the year 2040.

 



 
Data Management – EGEAS

 



 
Communication with Twilio-Flex

 



 
AI Bot Driven by GraphDB Neo4j for a Leading Healthcare Tech...