Home  What We Think  How we forecast future technologies?



BlackcofferFutureForecastsWhat We Think How we forecast future technologies?

By Ajay Bidyarthy -   January 13, 2021 14201 














TECHNOLOGY is playing a dominant role in human life. And as in our daily lifestyle technology is used each and every place where human beings are present. so How we forecast future technologies? 
So, the fact is that technology is not a single immutable piece of hardware orbit chemistry. It is simply knowledge of physical relationships and it systematically applied to the useful arts. This knowledge can vary continuously over time. It can range basic phenomenon can be applied to an end product, device, or production machine in a mature operating system. Even as time passes, the performance characteristics of any machine, product, or operating system are normally improved in small continuous increments over time.
Advance in technology is usually nothing more than an accumulation of small advances not worth introducing individually to make a significant change in total technology. Forecast future technologies no matter how accurate – unless they eventually influence action.
Blackcoffer Insights 23: Arvind Pal, PACIFIC SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING, SURAT



TAGS#AI_WORLD#FATE#FUTURE_TRICKS#TECH_BEATS_EVERYONE#TECHNOLOGYforecasts future technologies 
Previous articleCan robots tackle late-life loneliness?Next articleWhat patients like and dislike about telemedicine? Ajay Bidyarthy  
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Rise of cybercrime and its effect by the year 2040. 

 



 

Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. 

 



 

Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future 

  

 




MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS




Rise of Chatbots and its impact on customer support by the... 
January 2, 2023 


 




The Emergence of Data Analytics 
January 11, 2019 


 




Advantages and Disadvantages of E-learning during the COVID-19 for students and... 
December 7, 2021 


 




Microsoft Azure chatbot with LUIS (Language Understanding) 
January 24, 2022 


 Load more RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS



 
How are people diverted to Telehealth services and telemedicine?

 



 
An agent-based model of a Virtual Power Plant (VPP)

 



 
Design and develop retool app for wholecell.io and Asana data using...

 



 
What do you think is the lesson (or lessons) to be...